ADR-031: elaborate consequences and encapsulation of module client-se… (#7839)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/architecture/adr-031-msg-service.md

We decide to use protobuf `service` definitions for defining `Msg`s as well as
the code generated by them as a replacement for `Msg` handlers.

> Below we define how this will look for the `SubmitProposal` message from `x/gov` module. 

Author: The whitespaces were removed automatically.

## Consequences

This design changes how a module functionality is exposed and accessed. It deprecates the existing `Handler` interface and `AppModule.Route` in favor of [Protocol Buffer Services](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#services) and Service Routing described above. This dramatically simplifies the code. We don't need to create handlers and keepers any more. Use of Protocol Buffer auto-generated clients clearly separates the communication interfaces between the module and a modules user. The control logic (aka handlers and keepers) is not exposed any more. A module interface can be seen as a black box accessible through a client API. It's worth to note that the client interfaces are also generated by Protocol Buffers.

> This also changes how we will perform functional tests. Instead of mocking AppModules and Router, we will mock a client (server will stay hidden). More specifically: we will never mock `x/moduleA/server` in `x/moduleB`. One can think about it as working with external services (eg DBs, or online servers...). We assume that the transmission between clients and servers is correctly handled by generated Protocol Buffers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also allows us to change how we perform functional tests. Instead of mocking AppModules and Router, we will mock a client (server will stay hidden). More specifically: we will never mock `moduleA.MsgServer` in `ModuleB`, but rather `moduleA.MsgClient`. One can think about it as working with external services (eg DBs, or online servers...). We assume that the transmission between clients and servers is correctly handled by generated Protocol Buffers.
```
